# Summary
- Weathered Witch Hat: '10 defense is fine, making your next skill cost one is weird. Maybe "Costs one less" is more interesting?'
'

# Changes
- Gnash should scale by 3 instead of 5. 
- Swap the name of Spines with Hide in a Bush. Use the Spines art for Hide in a Bush
- CUT Spines
- Rake looks visually weird. It should probably look like a colorless token instead of a witch card. 
- Stampede, when upgraded, should increase familiar scaling instead of base damage dealt. 
- Prices Paid - Upgrade - Lose 1 more HP, but make an extra slicing brew. 
- Maybe Wicker Form should be 3 mana? 
- Maybe make Lich Powder cost 1 mana? 
- Can I get the tooltop on the potion for Wormy?

- Character probably needs more fast mana. There might not be enough currently. Maybe an uncommon card that does this? 1e, Exhaust, Upgrade not exhaust. 
- Cat Familiar - Swap out the created draw spell with an agility-themed 'Gain 1e' card. Upgrade +1e
- Pact of Agony: Should probably be an uncommon. Maybe drop the HP Cost? New: "Create 2 Wound. Deal 20 damage to ALL enemies."  
- Stampede: Create better wording on Stampede to indicate it is a multi-hit attack. Maybe "Deal 3 damage for each of your familiars"
- Cloak of Moonlight - should probably bump +1 block instead of reducing 1 mana. 
- Broken Pact: Should probably say 'Sacrifice a random familiar' 
- Bottomless Cauldron should probably be 2e instead of 3e. 
- Maybe crow fam should be stronger?
- Maybe have the potion card USE all your potions and gain 1 energy for each? 

- Card Change: Rename 'Rats' to 'Scavenge' - Remove 'Nibble' as a card. Replace 'Nibble' in the loot table with 'Scavenge'. 


- Gather Herbs: New Upgrade: The next TWO potions you play are copied (grant one more power)

- Card CUT - Consume Youth

- New Card: Tinder - 0e, Skill, Common - Exhaust a card, Gain 1e. Upgrade - Gain 2e. 

- Card Change: Read the Bones: Apply 2 Hex. Next turn, draw 2 cards. 